feat(security): Updates to the data encryption doc (#6651)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/security/security-privacy/compliance/data-encryption.mdx

  - Security
  - Security and Privacy
  - Compliance

> metaDescription: 'New Relic's data encryption methods, including who gets it, what data is encrypted, and how it works with data at rest or in transit.'

Author: ```suggestion
metaDescription: "New Relic's data encryption methods, including who gets it, what data is encrypted, and how it works with data at rest or in transit."
```

      </td>

      <td>

>         All data at rest

Author: ```suggestion
        Applicable data at rest
```
